[Music]
six eating habits to read people like
open books is there a person in your
life you simply can't crack just ask
them out for a meal according to experts
our food preferences the way we eat and
how we behave during mealtime reveal a
lot about our character want to know all
the details then keep watching but first
go ahead and hit that subscribe button
to join the bright side don't forget to
ring the notification bell while you're
at it that way you won't miss a thing
okay so to know more about the person
you're having lunch with you need to pay
attention to a couple of aspects
starting with number one how they make
in order according to behavioral food
expert and researcher Juliet a Bogosian
who's been studying the links between
food habits and personality for more
than twenty years the way a person order
something can say a lot about their
personality if someone carefully looks
through the menu and asks a waiter
certain questions they tend to be quite
indecisive in real life too but it's not
all bad these people are really
attentive to details as well which makes
them great leaders and their ability to
look through the options shows that
they're open to new ideas and value the
process of doing something way more than
getting to the end result on the other
hand if a person doesn't even look at
the menu and orders right away they're
usually quite stubborn and set in their
ways it's a sign that you're dealing
with a rigid person who has problems
adapting to new environments or maybe
they just go to this cafe every day and
have the menu memorized by heart
number two how they eat pizza okay
so let's say they've ordered a pizza
it's a pretty personal food for everyone
right
so obviously the way somebody eats their
pizza says a lot about their personality
let's start with those who prefer to
fold their slice in half body language
expert Lillian glass says this type of
person isn't afraid to go against the
flow or they're just practical and don't
want those toppings slipping off and
ruining their clothes starting with the
crust shows that you're dealing with a
very unique type of individual these
people love attention and don't play
games they live in the moment and want
to have everything right this second if
your mealtime partner uses a fork and
knife to eat their pizza then they're
obviously an alien because who does that
just kidding this way of eating pizza
shows that this person is formal steady
and well-mannered they don't like rude
and disrespectful people and have a very
classy attitude and style and last but
not least those who just take a huge
bite of pizza without giving it too much
thought live their life to the fullest
they're into making memories and having
wild and fun experiences so you
certainly won't get bored with such a
life loving friend or partner
number three the type of dish they
choose believe it or not pizza isn't
everyone's dish of choice I know
shocking everybody has their own unique
food preferences and that's another way
you can peek into somebody's soul
according to a study conducted at the
University of Pennsylvania
people who love spicy foods and can't
pass an opportunity to add more chili
pepper to their dish are adventurous and
risk takers those who love exotic dishes
are pretty similar they're always up for
anything daring and fun these are
excellent brainstorm errs and some of
the most entertaining people you can be
around a 2015 study that was done using
the international personality item pool
big five questionnaire stated that
choosing a salad made of fresh fruit or
vegetables reveals a conscientious and
introverted person these types of people
take their food choices seriously and
don't have any problems with keeping it
healthy plus they're exceptionally
laid-back and can create a unique aura
of comfort wherever they go not too
surprisingly extroverts are the exact
opposite there's nothing they love more
than sweet stuff in junk food
there are also hearty meat eaters they
see food as one of the many pleasures
life has to offer that's why they're
more prone to gaining a few extra pounds
here and there number four how they
behave at the table
Juliet Bogosian 'he's massive research
project detected a strong connection
between table behavior and personality
slow eaters for instance are confident
and harmonious they like to be in
control and can be a bit arrogant at
times but their ability to appreciate
life certainly makes up for it
fast eaters are usually impatient
they're full of ambitions and ready to
take the world by storm and that's the
secret behind their productivity in
general but Gaussian says that the speed
at which you eat indicates the speed at
which you enjoy your life so this aspect
can surely say a lot about the other
person and if your friend isn't afraid
to slurp their soup or eat with such an
appetite that you kinda wish you'd
ordered their dish instead you can be
sure that this is an open and carefree
person they don't care how people view
them they just do their own thing
however it's not always easy to find
common ground with such people because
they march to the beat of their own drum
this sometimes makes them irresponsible
and unreliable number 5 how their plate
looks but goes Ian says that the way a
person organizes their play can give you
certain personality clues as well if you
see someone making little groups of
different ingredients they're
natural-born organizers and it's not
only about food their workplace and home
are perfectly tidy and orderly as well
people who don't mind putting different
dishes on one plate are incredibly
responsible nonetheless they are not
that good at sorting out their
priorities and therefore can drown in
tons of tasks if your opponent starts by
cutting the dish in the perfect little
pieces they prefer to be prepared for
anything and everything
stability is the basis of their life
they choose a long but gradual path to
the top instead of quick success that
can end at any moment their attitude
towards relationships is also the same
all their friends have been with them
through thick and thin and they know
that they can trust them with their life
finally if the person in front of you
mixes everything on their plate together
they like to have tons of projects going
on in real life too they're also
amazingly hard-working which helps them
get everything done every time
[Music]
number six the type of dessert they
choose ice cream is the favorite dessert
of charismatic and charming people who
effortlessly turn heads wherever they go
and it's no surprise since nobody can
resist their genuine smile and funny
personality cake lovers are believed to
be fantastic listeners and captivating
storytellers they're the Masters of
socializing have tons of friends and
take center stage at every party they go
to if your opponent chooses cookies
they're really adaptable they seem to
change a bit every time you see them but
one thing does remain the same they're
always full of new concepts and bold
ideas and lastly donut lovers know their
worth and aren't that influenced by
other people's opinions they aren't
demanding and don't need much to be
happy and content with themselves so
which of these food and personality
connections match you or someone you
know tell us in the comments below be
sure to give this video a like share it
with your friends and subscribe to stay
on the bright side of life
[Music]